README

Notice - old versions may refer to files that no longer exist. If, for some reason, you wish to run these, please don't worry if nothing is saving correctly.

Version history:

Alpha version 1:

The first version was basically a variant of a tutorial I found online for Tkinter. Most of that structure is gone now, don't worry. The most important part of version 1 was the introduction of input/output. Yes, it would eventually change, but this was the first step into the world of functional programming.

Alpha version 2:

This version is essentially inoperable, as it uses old loading structures. Said loading conventions were greatly improved from the last version, although still primitive. Otherwise, no significant updates.

Alpha version 3 (version 1):

This seems identical to v.0.0.2. Moving on.

Alpha version 3 (version 2):

Thankfully, documentation started in this version so I know what I was doing. Let's begin:

This version's functionality:
	1) Can add names to a list database of Students
	2) Recognizes if name is already in list
	3) Refreshes listbox upon adding new name
	4) Quit button
	5) I started documenting cause I'm cool like that. You can thank me later.

Changes from last version:
	1) Everything cause I just started documenting

Goals for next version:
	1) Remove names from list
	2) Display a simple piece of data upon name selection (arbitrary, doesn't have to have any relevance or functionality)

I consider this to be the first "true" version of GoalTrak, despite the fact that even as I write this, more than a month later, GoalTrak still doesn't do even basic "goal tracking." Importantly, however, this is the first version where GoalTrak doesn't require a reload to update data. This is important because I believe that is what separates a collection of functions from true "software." With that said, almost everything in this version happens behind the scenes, so it's thoroughly unimpressive.

Alpha version 4:

This version's functionality: (note: not all inclusive, just big stuff)
	1) Can add names to a list database of students, which is saved in a text document bundled with the program
	2) Recognizes if name is already in list
	3) Refreshes listbox upon alterations to Student List
	4) Remove names from list
	5) Quit button
	6) About button
	7) Data persistence (so far limited, but structure is set and more should come)

Changes from last version:
	1) Imported Tkinter like a real boy
	2) Capability to remove names from list
	3)Quit button now quits python correctly
	4)Cool about button that I wrote on the plane 'cause I was bored
	5)Update information now stores student classes and will load properly (data persistence)

Goals for next version:
	1)Allow teachers to assign goals
	2)Improve the data structure
	3)Transition to notebook functionality
    		Should have student info display and goal setting